!! Golang reading list
https://github.com/enocom/gopher-reading-list

! 30 seconds of CSS
https://github.com/atomiks/30-seconds-of-css

!! Golang command line goroutines monitoring
https://github.com/bcicen/grmon

! Node.JS blazing fast, low level HTTP server
https://github.com/mafintosh/turbo-http

!!! High performance distributed execution engine
https://github.com/ray-project/ray

!!! Golang internals
https://github.com/teh-cmc/go-internals

!! Node.js test with Jest+Puppeteer
https://github.com/smooth-code/jest-puppeteer

! Node.js interactive cli prompts
https://github.com/terkelg/prompts

! Golang http router and reverse proxy
https://github.com/zalando/skipper

! Display and control Android device (like Vysor)
https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy

! Building hardware and software stack from scratch
https://github.com/pervognsen/bitwise/blob/master/FAQ.md

!! TDD with Golang
https://github.com/quii/learn-go-with-tests

Hardware pedal to control vim
https://github.com/alevchuk/vim-clutch

! MQTT pub-sub platform
https://github.com/emitter-io/emitter

!! Text processing on command line
https://github.com/learnbyexample/Command-line-text-processing

! Collection of algorithms and data structure
https://github.com/OpenGenus/cosmos

!! JS libraries for features intro, steps, to drive user focus
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/driver.js

! Plain Python implementation of machine learning algo
https://github.com/zotroneneis/machine_learning_basics

Create graphics with hand-drawn, sketchy appearance
http://roughjs.com/

! Convert handwriting scans to beautiful, compact PDFs
https://github.com/mzucker/noteshrink

Experimental physical interface for the NSynth algorithm
https://github.com/googlecreativelab/open-nsynth-super

!! Data visualization library
https://github.com/nhnent/tui.chart
